Hi guys, in this tuto show you how to
create empire city using the real engine
5.0.3
add to city engine create this nice
city.
Okay uh let's go
uh okay first thing first uh let's go
and uh open this city engine to create
our uh city. After that we import engine
5.73
all the let's open it.
Uh for this uh program you can download
from the S3 website.
Okay. This centerpiece of our CD engine.
Uh
this we have to and you can start uh
with a new scene right here. Start
creating scenes for scratch build from
map data or generate an imaginary uh
city for in this tutorial only generate
this im imaginary city for the next
tutorial build city from the map. Okay
let's go here open. Okay, let's name
this one early fusion city
of city. This is dimension of city max
height 400 m.
Okay, I map this one textures.
Uh make it to the sea. Hit next. Uh now
uh this layout of the cities we have
radi city, spiragon, barcoluna like
Berlin like Sienna. Okay, let's use this
one. I like persona
camp city for the city size. Uh you can
use this one small
or medium or huge city. For this
tutorial, I want to use this small city.
Next.
Okay.
Uh we have those
four layouts. You can use this nice
textures
a science fiction or cinematic or
international city. I want to use the
first one international city. Select
this and hit finish.
Okay, it's working right now. It's
creating the city.
Okay, it's still creating the building
of of our uh city.
Okay, you can zoom it by pressing this
one and
go here.
This our uh city.
Okay, that's rotated.
Okay, let's see.
Go right here.
Okay, it's supposed like a city. Okay,
there is streets as you can see.
building is
have a lot.
Okay. Uh now the next things I want to
do is to import those uh this city to uh
the engine. Okay. How to do that? Press
this arrow.
Select
all
and go here. I export modus.
I want to export to the Unreal Engine.
Okay. Select this Unreal Engine. Hit
next.
Okay. For presets of the city. This is
the output. Okay. Export metadata on uh
let's see this thing of what is good.
Make it here.
Use a read base material.
Okay. Scenario. Okay. Fine. Now let's
hit finish.
It starts generating the models.
Okay. Fine. Uh the city is in red. Now
let's close this.
Save
my version city. Now let's open our
anorient program.
Okay, go here. Create new project.
Select games. Search person as template
running engine fusion
uh city.
Great.
Uh okay. Now let's go here to file grid
to 11. That's basically level for now.
Uh, delete this
and go here and save current level.
And now I want to import it to my city.
I have to add this plugin. Go edit
plugin. Search for the test method.
Okay. Dat importer select
OS2
and restart.
Okay. Close this. Turn right here to
content drawer and select menu map.
And now let's see our uh the location of
of our project. We can get it here in
documents city engine.
Uh this is my city and here uh UF city.
Okay. And go to model is this is my
file. I want to import
the Unreal Engine. Uh UFC dot
U data smmith this my how to use it you
have to go here
and select this one data smmith
and file imported
go here document the engine workspace
you have m and go modules and I'll click
right here
and here uh he asked me to add the
location okay to add before due to that
you have to add a new form
UF
and let's repeat the same process
where status made file import and this
one select this one and choose my UF
okay
it asks me to import geometry material
lightest camera as animation He woke up.
Okay. Now it's preparing static message.
Uh
okay. It takes some times because this
is starting. Look at this. It's starting
creating the city. Okay. To make the
process speed the process, we have to go
here to my area fusion city
and let's go here to geometry.
We have 13,5.
Press Ctrl A or Ctrl Q and enable Nite.
Okay. Go here.
Enable the network for all those messes.
Okay, after enabling the light, we have
to add the speed of the camera 32.
Okay, look at this.
Okay, this is my
uh city. You can play it. This is lot of
buildings. You can select it in one by
one and modify them. Changing the
structure of those you can do a lot.
Okay, that's this looks good.
Okay, thank you guys for bringing this
all for this uh tutorial.